# rxx-generalization

09/03/2022

## Repository for a Reliability Generalization Study of the HEXACO-Personality Inventory in Direct Replications

##### About

This repository contains R-code to perform a Reliability Generalization study on data stemming from a number of direct replications.

The data was made available by XXX and can be found YYY. Their original study aimed to ZZZ and used scores generated by the HEXACO-PI-R (60 items) as covariates.

##### Reproducing the results

If you aim to reproduce the results from the paper, please perform the following steps in order:

1. Start the data preparation and cleaning process, by executing [Generalization_Initialization.R](Generalization_Initialization.R).
   - This will clean the data, according to the procedure in XXX.
   - Subsequently, reliability will be estimated for each replication using Cronbach's Alpha, McDonald's Omega and a Bonett-Transformation of Cronbach's Alpha will be performed and stored in [Reliability Estimates](Reliability Estimates).
   - Additionally, aggregates of suspected moderators for a meta-regression will be collected for each replication and stored in [Meta-Regression](Meta-Regression).
   - Please note, that Data will not be shared, until approval is obtained from the original authors.
2. Perform the Reliability Generalization using [Generalization_Meta-Analysis.R](Generalization_Meta-Analysis.R).
   - This will generate meta-analytic estimates of reliability and additional heterogeneity of reliability between samples.
   - Meta-regression will be performed, concerning the moderators of heterogeneity in reliability estimates.
   - In its current state, forest plots are produced as well.

The scripts [Loading_Estimates.R](Loading_Estimates.R) and [ReliabilityFunctions_RG.R](ReliabilityFunctions_RG.R) contain several helper functions, wich will be called by the other scripts. Please note that the [Generalization Script.R](Generalization Script.R) is deprecated and will be removed in the future.

